in 2002 a lobster fisherman had an
encounter he'll never forget
my name's Brian bate I've been fishing
since I was 8 years they're called
lobster pots but they will catch crabs
spider crabs velvet crabs anything
really that go in and it is quite
physically demanding it's it's a hard
life that you might all 500 pots today
not a 500 tomorrow and you can do 3 to
400 the day after 1 summer's day as
Brian was heading towards his regular
fishing spot he wasn't aware of anything
out of the ordinary
I left or of a 7:30 when I picked up my
first pots about about eight started
steaming towards the islands and my
sieve is a big thing breaching the water
he looked like he was tailed towards me
and head away but I could actually see
his back and as he come up he sort of
twisted sideways which were parked over
and then a big splash thought what the
was that if you know what I mean it was
quite a quite a size thing to actually
come leaping right out of water actually
come right out of the water
judging by the distance it was away from
me and the size that it was I would have
estimated it to be anything from 15 to
18 feet long when I actually approached
where it was there's all this blood and
everything in the water which sort of
alarmed me quite a lot of blood and what
I thought was a piece of seal if I had
had a sharp boat hook I could have
probably gaffed it but I thought well I
don't to be the first Cornishmen to have
his arm bitten off by anything which is
eaten seals if he's capable of eating a
seal he is capable of taking me or him
off I didn't think if I come over and
told anybody that they would believe me
so I actually kept me makeup for about
three weeks but I know what I seen and
it wasn't no dolphin and it wasn't no
porpoise